# ColorPalette
One task from nfactorial incubator, this is my first time trying to create a somewhat functional web app
# how to open the file:
download 3 files (colorpal.html, style.css, script.js)
then just open html file

# experience:
it was unusual experience for me, since i didn't work so often with html\js\css combination, it was interesting to explore how these three languages could work together to create websites and i started to apreciate web more because of this challenge i guess. one of the hardest moments was to make the color picker work the way i want, so that i could choose the "base" color but then freely change hue and other parametrs of that color. after some time i decided to make some global variable to hold the color until it would be change by the colorpicker. I added some other colors with some variations, so when you choose one color, you get 5 other colors that would work well with the base color (such as, contrast color, that is on the oppisite of the hue wheel, some little more saturated, little more brighter and little darker and some that are on different hue but still is well fitted). Other hard part was the idea of share and save buttons, after many itterations and ideas (maybe i should copy to the clipboard the hsl of the color? Or maybe make a share button that would give you a choice of apps where you could share the colors, maybe make the screenshot of the palette and download it to the user?) in the end, i decided on pretty easy and not stupid idea, when user clicks "share" button, he would be translated into whatsapp sharelink, where he can share the base color that was used to create the palette, from here the user can easily copy the HSL values of the color and use it wherever they want. On the site there is HSl values of each color in the palette to copy and paste. Overral, i enjoyed this process, being able to solve problems with the recources and knowledge you have at the moment,  i know that this webapp is not perfect, the color palette could be bigger, the design could be better, but even with that i'm happy that completed this challenge.
